This repository contains code I wrote for the course 'Applied Machine Learning in Python' in Coursera. The datasets used for assignment 3 and 4 were provided by the course instructor and are in 'Data' folder.

Assignment1.py uses breast cancer data from scikit-learn datasets. The assignment involved loading the data, exploring the features of the dataset, checking instances of malignant and benign cases within the datset, splitting data into training and test sets, fitting a K-nearest neighbor (n_neigbors = 1) classifier to predict the class label of test set, and calculating the accuracy of the knn classifier.

First part of Assignment2.ipynb uses a synthetic dataset. The assignment involved fitting a polynomial regression model for varying degrees, computing the R^2 (coefficient of determination) score, plotting the R^2 scores to see which degrees correspond to a model that is unerfitting or overfitting or with a good generalization performance, and comparing between a non-regularized Linear Regression model and a Lasso Regression model. Second part of the notebook uses [mushroom.csv](https://archive.ics.uci.edu/dataset/73/mushroom) dataset. This part of assignment involved training a DecisionTreeClassifier and using the validation_curve function in sklearn.model_selection to determine training and test scores for a Support Vector Classifier (SVC) with varying parameter values.

Assignment3.ipynb uses a dataset called fraud_data.csv. The assignment involved training a dummy classifier that classifies everything as the majority class of the training data and calculating accuracy and recall, training a SVC classifier and calculating the confusion matrix, training a logistic regression classifier using decision_function() and creating a precision recall curve and roc_curve, and performing a grid search over the parameters.
